[Music]
we're here at the 2017 Miami
International Boat Show getting our
first look at the Sea Ray SL X 400 the
40 foot day boat series market research
showed that 85% of their customers
wanted a boat specifically for
activities during the day not so much
for overnighting take a look here we've
got a huge huge ass bench this piece
swings over underneath they've got
storage for to stand up paddleboards if
you want it no over here one of the most
unique features I've ever seen on a boat
is what they call the terrace this
platform powers up and down electrically
to let you in and out of the water
giving you a 360-degree view of the
water behind you - let's take a look at
some of the other features see ray has
done a remarkable job of bringing the
inside out and the outside in on this
boat let me show you what I mean sunroof
truly opens up the inside of the boat
what they've also done is included a
full galley here in the cockpit it
includes refrigerator wine fridge sink
and two grills
so that's cooking socialize with all his
guests sports fitted with what cr8 calls
the dynamic display helm the glass -
co.design with Ray marine and as you can
see all the boat systems are controlled
with fingertip touch on the screen so
it's also fitted with the active
joystick control system which makes
docking a lot easier oftentimes on a
40-foot boat you find yourself climbing
over the dashboard to get to the fore
deck on this boat you have a nice wide
walk through to a full bow cockpit
comfortable seating fold down arm rests
stereo controls and let's not forget
this has an enclosed head and sleeps
four
[Music]
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters